Prioritize database trait methods (#4425)
codeigniter4/CodeIgniter4: user_guide_src/source/testing/overview.rst

A common way to enhance your tests is by using traits to consolidate staging across different

> test cases. ``CIUintTestCase`` will detect any class traits and look for staging methods to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
test cases. ``CIUnitTestCase`` will detect any class traits and look for staging methods
```
